README.md, before:

# ofxBRTLibrary  
*Addon for OpenFrameworks to integrate the Binaural Rendering Toolbox (BRT)*

## Introduction  
**ofxBRTLibrary** is an OpenFrameworks addon that provides a simple interface to the [Binaural Rendering Toolbox (BRT)](https://github.com/GrupoDiana/BRTLibrary), a powerful set of libraries and tools for binaural spatialisation and psychoacoustic experimentation. This addon allows OpenFrameworks users to integrate real-time spatial audio rendering into their interactive applications, installations, or VR/AR projects.

This addon is developed in the context of the [SONICOM project](https://www.sonicom.eu/), and builds on the technology of the [3D Tune-In Toolkit](https://github.com/3DTune-In/3dti_AudioToolkit).

The included example demonstrates real-time spatialisation of a white noise source located at 45 degrees azimuth with respect to the listener.

For more complex use cases and experiments, refer to our extended example repository: [BRTLibrary_Examples](https://github.com/GrupoDiana/BRTLibrary_Examples).

## License  
This addon is distributed under the terms of the **GNU General Public License v3.0 or later (GPLv3+)**, in line with the main BRT Library.  
Please see `license.md` for full license details.

## Installation  
1. Clone or download this repository.  
2. Place the `ofxBRTLibrary` folder inside your `openFrameworks/addons/` directory.  
3. Open the included example using the OpenFrameworks Project Generator, generate the project files, and compile. It should work out of the box.

## Dependencies  
- The **BRT Library** is included as a **git submodule** within this addon.  
- In turn the **BRT library** includes the Eigen library with submodule. 
- Make sure to initialize submodules after cloning the repository:
  

```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Compatibility  

- **Tested with**: OpenFrameworks 0.12.x  

### Platforms  

- **Addon tested on**: Windows  
- **BRT Library tested on**: Windows, macOS, Android  
- **BRT Library expected to work on**: iOS  

## Known Issues  

- The addon requires manual setup of the development environment to ensure proper linking with the BRT static libraries. Follow the example project structure for guidance.

## Version History  

### Version 0.1 (April 2025)  

- First public release  
- Initial support for BRT spatial audio rendering in OpenFrameworks  
- Windows example rendering a dynamic white noise source at fixed azimuth  
- Compatible with **BRT Library version 2.2.0 and later**

Commit message:

feat: Update addon_config.mk. Rename the addond.h file. Improve the explanation of known issues, in the readme.

README.md, after:

# ofxBRTLibrary  
*Addon for OpenFrameworks to integrate the Binaural Rendering Toolbox (BRT)*

## Introduction  
**ofxBRTLibrary** is an OpenFrameworks addon that provides a simple interface to the [Binaural Rendering Toolbox (BRT)](https://github.com/GrupoDiana/BRTLibrary), a powerful set of libraries and tools for binaural spatialisation and psychoacoustic experimentation. This addon allows OpenFrameworks users to integrate real-time spatial audio rendering into their interactive applications, installations, or VR/AR projects.

This addon is developed in the context of the [SONICOM project](https://www.sonicom.eu/), and builds on the technology of the [3D Tune-In Toolkit](https://github.com/3DTune-In/3dti_AudioToolkit).

The included example demonstrates real-time spatialisation of a white noise source located at 45 degrees azimuth with respect to the listener.

For more complex use cases and experiments, refer to our extended example repository: [BRTLibrary_Examples](https://github.com/GrupoDiana/BRTLibrary_Examples).

## License  
This addon is distributed under the terms of the **GNU General Public License v3.0 or later (GPLv3+)**, in line with the main BRT Library.  
Please see `license.md` for full license details.

## Installation  
1. Clone or download this repository.  
2. Place the `ofxBRTLibrary` folder inside your `openFrameworks/addons/` directory.  
3. Open the included example using the OpenFrameworks Project Generator, generate the project files, and compile. It should work out of the box.

## Dependencies  
- The **BRT Library** is included as a **git submodule** within this addon.  
- In turn the **BRT library** includes the Eigen library with submodule. 
- Make sure to initialize submodules after cloning the repository:
  

```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Compatibility  

- **Tested with**: OpenFrameworks 0.12.x  

### Platforms  

- **Addon tested on**: Windows  
- **BRT Library tested on**: Windows, macOS, Android  
- **BRT Library expected to work on**: iOS  

## Known Issues  

- The addon_config.mk file has been created, however, in some versions of OF it seems that the project-generator generates a project that fails to compile the Eigen library, one of our dependencies. In any case, the attached example works and compiles correctly in visua studio 2022. We could also generate an example for OSX if anyone is interested.

## Version History  

### Version 0.1 (April 2025)  

- First public release  
- Initial support for BRT spatial audio rendering in OpenFrameworks  
- Windows example rendering a dynamic white noise source at fixed azimuth  
- Compatible with **BRT Library version 2.2.0 and later**
